everybody welcome at dinner the land
plays a binding of issac after birth
plus we're not doing that say file that
save files for the birds dude we were
doing this save file where we did
nothing on the last episode despite
having a really good run I'm like what
is that far right side I'm confused but
you know what we don't have it as
anybody
we beat delirium shouldn't that count
for something and the hush is like the
the blue rocked out of the bottom right
anyway whatever um we we have done
apollyon
pretty recently we're kind of due for a
greed mode run let's do a little Maggie
greed mode nobody gets out of bed for a
Maggie greed Mud Run nobody goes old
fantastic it's Maggie greed mode but
it's got to be done and you know just
focus on the fact that holy crab my wife
scared the bejesus out of me
when she came in here oh yeah how about
this one nobody knocks on the door
before they come in there we go see that
some now I'm okay with that yeah all
right now I appreciate it
less of a heart attack more of a sign of
support oh all right well our first item
was an old bandage nobody's excited
about old bandage works every time
all right hit me I wanted you to hit me
so I could drop a red heart you've
played right into my hand we're kind of
it stinks a little bit to have to buy a
key on the first floor but you got to do
what you got to do it's greed and let's
just take that as like the tax that we
have to pay for getting a guaranteed
deal with the devil see right now oh we
got nothing to worry about
actually Maggie I don't know why I
accidentally had like an accent from
Eastern Europe there actually Maggie in
greed mode is pretty okay because young
heart is actually just much better in
greed mode than it is in the other modes
get to use it a lot more frequently for
a lot less cost especially if you can
get to the point where you're crushing
enemies pretty quickly so I do tend to
take damage in greed mode I play a
little
a little bit of a sloppy or game a
little bit fast and loose you know I
stopped being the 2016 New England
Patriots start being the 2004 Kansas
City Chiefs I run an offense focus game
it's a West Coast offense I don't know
what that means but I do live in
Vancouver so is you know befitting that
one way or the other um we're going to
get enough money so I'm gonna buy a torn
photo before I buy a key because I think
that a 30% increase in rate of fire is
is very prudent and you know what I'm
actually gonna take an extra step and
I'm gonna step on that like a literal
extra step I'm gonna step on that that
way we're gonna get please just pop up
for a second like if you pop up I can
tear you apart there we go this way
we're going to get our key we can get
our item room item before we fight the
boss we already have 5 HP so it doesn't
really matter in my mind whether or not
we I mean it's kind of garbage huh yeah
doesn't really matter to me in my
opinion whether or not we're able to you
know make sure that we don't lose a
little bit more HP before our deal with
the devil probably not too important and
I'm gonna take Necronomicon over yum
hard and that's a bit of a contentious
choice cuz yah Mart is I just said it's
pretty good but Necronomicon for
everything but bosses has the potential
to like pseudo steamroll these waves
like imagine you stack up like three
waves and then just use Necronomicon to
clear them all or at least the debt
reduce that you were unable to clear in
advance I will say if we could
is there any item on the deal with the
devil that would give us bombs right off
the bat because two bombs here could be
pretty precious we get a lot of money
for them and there's also a tinted rock
we could take advantage of i thought
maybe these would be Larry juniors and I
was excited to basically kill Larry jr.
the one tap of the spacebar but you know
instead we'll save our Necronomicon I
actually don't think we have a terrible
build here and our runs not half bad
either no but I don't think we have a
terrible build here for fighting mega
fatty like obviously our damage is trash
but where our fire rate is such that
we'll take them out in a reasonable
amount of time I'm just kidding it's
kind of
an unreasonable amount of time but we
don't really have much choice in the
matter and you know above all else it's
not like Necronomicon is gonna save us
in terms of our our overall time
investment here there have to be like
it's in one line of code okay if dps is
under a value that you set yourself as
constant that's for the developers then
mega fatty cannot show up on your first
floor of greed mode or champion Ragman
can't show up that's all I ask just
because it's it's bordering on tedium
here you know important bordering on
tedium sounds like a great title for a
movie but not a great thing to happen to
a video game especially early on here
like I'm trying to improve my watch time
on YouTube so I can get some more of
that fat YouTube read revenue and then
here we are you're giving me garbage and
telling me it's it's not garbage it's
recycling and I'm saying well then put
it in the proper container and you're
going a little which ones would I go out
you know what I can sympathize it's a
little confusing these days that's why
we need Seinfeld to come back you ever
like get a drink from a coffee shop and
then they got three different recycling
bins one for compost one for trash one
for everything else and then you you go
I mean I don't know does every part of
this go in the recycling does what does
the top go in the garbage and some of it
goes in the compost I don't know they
should have like a lesson when you buy
the good in the first place you might
say Oh NL it's not that confusing I
think it is I think if you don't think
it's that confusing you're probably not
doing it right
you're not thinking hard enough anyway
we got a key this runs not amazing but
now it is so epic AK is borderline
game-winning all by its lonesome we're
now missing too much more to make this
run like a functional victory here is a
weird situation cuz like raw liver is a
great item but I don't really know if we
need it I might actually prefer to get
starter deck of all things but let's
let's just start here and you know keep
in mind I do have Necronomicon we would
all love you know I'm
the stereotype that men can never admit
their mistakes okay
I don't agree with this stereotype at
least not for me personally maybe maybe
back in the olden days you know like the
the heralded days of the 1980s a man's
afraid to stop and ask for directions or
something on the side of the road now I
would be afraid to stop and ask for
directions at the side of the road
because I would expect the person that
I'm asking to be like why don't you just
play your phone and look at Google like
it says more about me than it does about
the other guy I think anyway I'm never
afraid or at least I like to think that
I'm rarely afraid to admit my own
mistakes to take responsibility
Necronomicon was a mistake there was
pretty much no reason to have it after
this point but we didn't know that epic
act was coming at least I didn't if you
did you could have told me but instead
you're holding the information to
yourself I don't know what do you think
that makes you better than me or
something like that well guess what
you're right love yourself okay we're
gonna try to find a secret room with
epic AK okay we got a trinket and it's
not a bad one I want enough money to get
raw liver but it's not necessarily like
of the most pivotal importance it might
actually be good it spin again still
like ten times easier than the mega
fatty fight but we might just want to
turn all or almost all of this money
into bombs and we can stand to gain as a
result of that I think is there an
actual boss here just three slot because
three sloth is like not that bad dude so
I watched Alien Resurrection last night
okay I am first off let's fight these
guys while we talk I'm a fan of the
Alien franchise alien of course classic
haunting movie that that strikes the
rare balance between like wow that's
like incredibly amazing like it fills
you with a sense of human wonder and
then also terrifies you it goes like hey
what if you know there was
extraterrestrial life and also what if
that extraterrestrial life impregnated
your diaphragm and then caused something
to shoot out of it you know aliens top
tier action movie one
the best action movies of all time alien
3 I have not seen I'm being 100% real
with you at least is the best of my
memory I have not seen it
I watched Alien Resurrection I think it
might straight-up be one of the worst
movie we're taking chaos over Rob liver
movies I've ever seen in my life
you're gonna maybe be like NL haven't
you you've seen Prometheus right I've
seen Prometheus Prometheus is 20 times
better than Alien Resurrection and I
hate Prometheus I know you'll the
scientist who's naive doesn't act like a
real scientist that is Alien
Resurrection but it's also shot ugly you
know in Alien Resurrection everything
looks like garbage in prometheus at
least it looks good and then it tricks
you into I'm not gonna rally against
Prometheus if you like the movie you
like the movie we've been over this many
times but I want to talk about one scene
in particular if you're not familiar
with the plot of the alien films don't
worry about it too much Ellen Ripley was
like an astronaut scientist of some sort
anyway she goes into space and they like
meet these aliens and they're like hey
aliens are you nice and aliens are not
nice they are mean aliens let me buy the
7 cent item first here because then we
get more 7 cent items alright alright
alright alright I can live with this we
certainly do not need Bob's rotten head
I almost took it cuz Necronomicon is not
worth much but Bob's rotten head we
literally have already rose long time no
see I almost forgot what that item did
um so then like in one of the movies
somewhere down the line she gives like
an alien inside of her I think it might
be in the first alien like she puts
herself in the cryopod and goes like
maybe you'll be able to fix this one day
and she just kind of floats through
space then it aliens Paul Reiser works
at this evil corporation called
weyland-yutani who's like hey we really
like you we want you to go like you know
not be subject to the aliens anymore
then they put her on a ship and they
subject her to aliens and they're trying
to do all these experiments to build
like a genetic weapon and so anyway you
get the idea in Alien for Ellen Ripley
is she's been dead for like a long time
I guess she dies in alien 3 but she's
been like cloned by the military because
they
want to consider despite all the
warnings you know mankind just never
learns so they want to make the aliens
in a like a superweapon and they're
doing all sorts of weird experiments so
at one point a clone of Ellen Ripley who
is our protagonist is walking around she
finds like these pods and all these pods
have like weird botched clones of like
like genetic mashups of her in the alien
the xenomorph if you will and she's
she's going through them and you could
tell us going through her head cuz it's
obvious she's like first thought this is
gross secondly like does your
weyland-yutani does your greed know it
know no bounds and then she meets a sub
half Sigourney Weaver half alien clone
that's still alive but it's like gasping
for air it's a pathetic sight you know
it's going and then it Ripley comes over
to her and she goes kill me and you're
like wow that's like a pretty tragic
moment does our protagonist put her out
of her misery yes but not before
inflicting some misery on her own I want
to point out that at this point in the
movie Ellen Ripley is she's rolling with
a team of mercenaries they got pistols
shotguns grenades laser rifles every
every piece of weaponry that exists and
also near future technology as imagined
in the year 1997 so what did she do
popper one in the head take her out of
her misery nah Ellen Ripley enterprising
hero bastion of empathy oh but she
wasn't actually empathetic at that point
she was you know still under the
influence of the Xena more blah blah
blah don't talk to me don't add me okay
um she pulls out a flamethrower and just
torches her lights are on fire burns her
to death
someone on Twitter responded in in a way
that I thought was like the most
applicable explanation of what was
happening there and it's like if I ever
ask you to mercy kill me please make
sure you do it with the most
excruciating method of execution ever
invented by mankind the moment just
struck me as like you know the I was
gonna say the developers you know the
movie makers they were like this is
gonna be cool
there's also I don't even want to talk
about there's some weird stuff that goes
on and in movie like there's a proto
alien that gets born and it like it's
murdering people because it's just
filled with hatred which is I mean the
alien murders people I'm not gonna
suggest that that's never happened in an
alien movie before but when it sees
Ellen Ripley the clone from the Year
8,000 goes uh you know is hey Ellen
Ripley I'm not gonna murder you cuz
you're my mother and I can sense that
somehow and you're like okay it's a
little weird but I'll allow it
come on I know I haven't talked about
Isaac in a while here but there's like a
weird scene where it like it almost and
I'm not even making this up I'm not
embellishing at all it seems for a
minute in Alien Resurrection like Ellen
Ripley is gonna make out with the proto
alien and I'm not even that weirded out
by the fact that it looks like they're
gonna make out and she's gonna make out
with an alien cuz like I mean it's weird
it wouldn't be the weirdest thing in
that movie but it's pretty weird the
actual weirdest thing about it is that
the alien is technically her son so it's
like some weird kind of like mother's
son but also your son is an alien sort
of like it wasn't really a love interest
that wouldn't suggest that that's what
they were shooting for but the way that
they frame the shot sort of calls that
into question you can find the shot for
yourself I would also encourage you to
find the shot from the climax of the
film where Wynonna rider and Sigourney
Weaver are fighting the proto alien
because it's just madness anyway
basically what I'm trying to get it is
I'm glad school is back in session for
me so I have an excuse to you know once
a week when I'm doing my labs and
assignments I can put on the movie now
or can watch something that's horrible
that I've never seen before I am
definitely not upset that I spent two
and a half hours because there are ads
it wasn't on showcase
I'm not upset that I spent two and a
half hours watching an Alien
Resurrection cuz dude I honestly think
it helped me appreciate Prometheus more
and I'm not joking with you in the least
at least Prometheus has some interesting
questions and is shot beautifully and I
won't give that movie more praise than
it deserves but it is shot beautifully
in Alien Resurrection there is a scene
you're like there's some really stupid
stuff and Prometheus and I don't know if
I can get behind what you're saying here
yeah well in Prometheus is there a scene
where a man who has two guns attached to
his hands shoots a bullet deliberately
to ricochet it off of two light fixtures
and hit his captor in the face because
that happens in Alien Resurrection not
really in keeping with the sci-fi horror
theme of the original in my perspective
let's let's continue to go for some fire
rate up here we got a little bit of time
left before we have to before we have to
worry about donating we're probably
gonna win this room pretty easily
I would like to crank up our speed a
little bit more just so we can get away
from our own shots oh my good crown of
light is quite good and that bit helps
with our speed issue anyway so that's
that's my my live blogging for Alien
Resurrection I enjoyed it
but I I hated the movie I enjoyed the
experience of watching it well that is
about Taylor billing for Noah wasn't
John Paul's you know don't don't lie to
me you can lie to the investors but you
can't lie to me
devil tower son chaos you take chaos and
ten out of ten now we can use the gods
because as long as we have chaos for the
greed fight we have actually just won
the run this is an easy one dude I
really and this is not rare by the way
this is extremely common but I really
really like watching bad movies like so
bad it's good is my ideal kind of movie
of course you know if you're like hey do
you want to go see a movie that's good
yeah I'm
you want to go see you want to go see
inglourious brewster i'm in i don't want
to get demonetized you see you want to
go see trying to think of like some
stuff in the past few years that's been
amazing I know a lot of people sort of
like look down on it is like faux
intellectual at this point but you want
to go see inception dude
sign me up I think it's a very
imaginative blockbuster no question you
want to go see Darren Aronofsky's film
the fountain I think it's a little bit
up its own butt but you know what it has
some interesting stuff going on I was in
the theaters for opening night of
Charlie Kaufman's Synecdoche New York
starring the late Philip Seymour Hoffman
so I can get down with the with the arts
but if you were like hey dude I got some
Doritos you want to come over and watch
the Bulls Dungeon Siege in the name of
the king starring Ray Liotta Matthew
Lillard and Ron Perlman and also Jason
Statham I would be like I am there
yesterday
sign me up so yes I know what you're
gonna ask I am a height for the disaster
artist I got the book when it first came
out and I had a thought it was an
enjoyable read it brought some insight
into the making of the room the world's
most notoriously so bad it's good movie
and with good reason
and I'm excited to see the movie
adaptation it's also pretty rare to get
a movie about making movies especially
about making a bad movie it's like I'm
try the bow finger was in there I'm
trying to think of if there's anything
else that even qualifies I don't know if
there is but so yes I'm I'm invested
well I'm not invested but I'm all watch
it
six weeks after it comes out on an
airplane uh let's move along and this is
I'm just gonna warn you in advance here
it's gonna be a little bit on the
shorter side as far as efforts go today
not because I'm in a rush but because I
can't not be in a rush with this epic
act damage we're on the final floor
before the the actual boss fight I think
we're one away from becoming Guppies so
I'm like real tempted I'm not gonna do
it just yet
unlimited bombs doesn't matter too much
we should be able to very easily be
careful here two more cents should be
able to very easily finish off all these
waves before we actually fight the
bosses and we might as well use like our
strength card for example because we
really are just gonna use the chaos card
immediately and and destroy the final
boss so we pretty much can't be killed
we got they were doing 78 damages shot
it's up there not quite the highest
damage you know that's ever existed that
was I didn't mean to step on that but at
least we were invincible and we did not
quite the highest damage that has ever
existed but it's it's up there for you
know having created it on the fly
without using like cheat engine is
something I don't mean the do the people
doing the investigative work with
cheatengine are actually cheating I just
mean to say you know it if you give
yourself all the the damage upgrades and
multipliers you conceivably can it could
ever get then that's one thing but to
find this stuff in the wild is like
impressive just on a on a sheer like
variance level two lives
two are still living could use a range
upgrade as lame as that sounds had to
say with like 78 damage working in your
favor
pretty sweet spawns if I was bottom-left
monstro I'd be real cheese that the
developers made me spawn in the middle
of a fire but you know what do I know to
scolex know I forget the name of these
jerks but I know the sound they make
when they die
we don't actually need HP sure it would
have been better to have not blown
myself up about 12 times but we don't
need the HP is the thing the chaos card
should handle it for us even if it
doesn't we should be totally okay but
you know desperate times call for
desperate measures it I'm gonna be the
world's lamest boy cuz I just don't see
a good reason to become Guffey if we're
just gonna kill the next boss in one hit
anyway and we'll donate all this money
instead that way we have to do less
greed modes would you you know you might
be saying well you don't like greed mode
I'm okay with greed mode but I'm I'd
rather if we're gonna do like
recreational greed mode just do greedy
or instead dude so the faster we get
through greed mode the better our lives
are so we get sensor it's not a terrible
item maybe not ten out of ten but more
angel items I'm not gonna say it's
always a good thing because I guess in
theory it could be actually bad if it
dilutes the pool and makes things more
garbage but all right so we're gonna
donate seven cents or five we're gonna
donate five cents then we'll grab all
this could get almost all the way to 600
plus we unlock the sensor which is
another angel pool item not an
unproductive run as Maggie here today
and we've got a pretty good track record
in green mode I think we also just moved
up to a five streak which is a start
considering where we're deliberately
making things hard on ourselves
sometimes it's a start I again
just give me a button that is like
donate all money in what situation here
would you ever be like don't donate all
money
oh but NL they have to calculate the
odds of it actually like messing up on a
shot-by-shot basis you know you could do
this your computer has like 640 million
megabytes of RAM or something like that
they can calculate whether and like the
chances of you actually being able to
donate and how much you would be able to
donate if the if you've got a bad role
in like 180th of a second why do I have
to spend my precious life force holding
down the S key to go cut um cut tongue
cut tongue maybe saying an L what do you
want to do walk into a casino give them
a hundred bucks and say how did I do
maybe maybe maybe you're right maybe
that's maybe that's the kind of guy I am
that was very strange there but either
way dude pretty productive we've got to
be close to unlocking something new from
this as well but for now thanks for
watching her because enjoyed the episode
if you did click the like button it
helps out a great deal and of course
subscribe if you want to see more in the
future for now thanks for watching and I
will see you tomorrow